Fix formatting of import documentation (#272)
CS2103-AY1819S1-T09-2/main: docs/DeveloperGuide.adoc

//end:: usecases[]

[appendix]
== Instructions for Manual Testing
Given below are instructions to test Anakin manually. These instructions only provide a starting framework for testers; testers are expected to do additional, exploratory testing.

=== Launch
Initial launch

. Download the jar file and copy into an empty folder

. Double-click the jar file to launch Anakin

> Expected: Shows the GUI with a set of sample decks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Expected: Shows the GUI with a deck contains a set of sample cards.
```

=== Navigating into a deck

> Prerequisites: There must be at least 1 deck in AnakinModel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prerequisites: There must be at least 1 deck in the application.
```

. `cd INDEX_OF_DECK` where `INDEX_OF_DECK` is the currently displayed index of the target deck.

> . The card panel on the left of the deck panel should be populated with a list of the cards in the target deck. If the deck is empty, no cards will be shown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. The card panel on the right of the deck panel should be populated with a list of the cards in the target deck. If the deck is empty, no cards will be shown.
```

=== Exporting a deck
Exporting a deck from Anakin to a `.xml` file.

> Prerequisites: There must be at least 1 deck in AnakinModel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prerequisites: There must be at least 1 deck in the application.
```

. Enter the command `export INDEX_OF_DECK` where `INDEX_OF_DECK` is the currently displayed index of the target deck.

. Check the directory that contains Anakin.jar. There should be a `.xml` file with the same name as the target deck.

=== Importing a deck
Importing a deck from a `.xml` file at a known file location
Prerequisites: Target deck must not already exist in Anakin. Renaming an existing deck is acceptable.

> . Enter the command `import DECK_FILEPATH` where `DECK_FILEPATH` is the relative filepath of the deck from the folder that Anakin.jar is in.

Reviewer: Can include the shorten file path feature?
